kobo:/# LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/lib:/qt-libs-news:/mnt/onboard/.adds/qt-linux-5.15.2-kobo/lib/ QT_QPA_PLATFORM=kobo QT_QPA_
PLATFORM_PLUGIN_PATH=/qt-libs-news/plugins/platforms/  ./qmlscene qml/Main.qml
QStandardPaths: XDG_RUNTIME_DIR not set, defaulting to '/tmp/runtime-root'
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:19 module "HelperFunctions" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:11 module "Ubuntu.OnlineAccounts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:10 module "Ubuntu.Connectivity" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:9 module "QtQuick.XmlListModel" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:8 module "QtWebEngine" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:7 module "Ubuntu.Content" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:6 module "Qt.labs.settings" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:5 module "QtQuick.Layouts" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:4 module "QtQuick.Controls" is not installed
file:///qml/Main.qml:3 module "Ubuntu.Components" is not installed

kobo:/# 
